com/example/smallsolutions/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.BuildConfig
com/example/smallsolutions/LocalUserProfileFragment.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$1$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$2$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$2$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.LocalUserProfileFragment$3
com/example/smallsolutions/ChatWindowAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatWindowAdapter
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatWindowAdapter$ReceiverViewHolder
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatWindowAdapter$SenderViewHolder
com/example/smallsolutions/Message_Window_Activity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.Message_Window_Activity
 com.example.smallsolutions.Message_Window_Activity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.Message_Window_Activity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.Message_Window_Activity$3
com/example/smallsolutions/ChatRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatRecyclerAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/smallsolutions/SignupFragment.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment$3
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment$4
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupFragment$5
com/example/smallsolutions/EditProfileActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity$3
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity$3$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.EditProfileActivity$4
com/example/smallsolutions/SignupActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupActivity$1$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupActivity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.SignupActivity$3
com/example/smallsolutions/MainActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.MainActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.MainActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.MainActivity$2
com/example/smallsolutions/CallHistory.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.CallHistory
 com.example.smallsolutions.CallHistory$1
com/example/smallsolutions/profileActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.profileActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.profileActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.profileActivity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.profileActivity$2$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.profileActivity$2$1$1
com/example/smallsolutions/AllRandom.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.AllRandom
 com.example.smallsolutions.AllRandom$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.AllRandom$2
com/example/smallsolutions/CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.CategoryFragment
com/example/smallsolutions/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$3
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$4
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$5
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$6
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$7
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeActivity$7$1
com/example/smallsolutions/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$3
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$3$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$3$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$4
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragment$5
com/example/smallsolutions/No_Internet_Activity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.No_Internet_Activity
 com.example.smallsolutions.No_Internet_Activity$1
com/example/smallsolutions/ChatMessageLoader.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatMessageLoader
com/example/smallsolutions/About_Us_Activity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.About_Us_Activity
com/example/smallsolutions/callLogRecycler.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.callLogRecycler
com/example/smallsolutions/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.ChatActivity$1
com/example/smallsolutions/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeFragment
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.HomeFragment$2
com/example/smallsolutions/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginActivity
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginActivity$3
com/example/smallsolutions/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.FragmentAdapter
com/example/smallsolutions/UserDetails.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.UserDetails
com/example/smallsolutions/LoginFragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.LoginFragmentAdapter
com/example/smallsolutions/CallLogAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.CallLogAdapter
 com.example.smallsolutions.CallLogAdapter$viewHolder
 com.example.smallsolutions.CallLogAdapter$viewHolder$1
com/example/smallsolutions/Home_Recycler_Adapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.Home_Recycler_Adapter
 com.example.smallsolutions.Home_Recycler_Adapter$viewHolder
com/example/smallsolutions/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.smallsolutions.RecyclerAdapter
 com.example.smallsolutions.RecyclerAdapter$viewHolder
